from the upcoming film true crimes
please welcome two-time Golden Globe
winner Jim Carrey
thank you
I am two-time Golden Globe winner Jim
Carrey you know when I go to sleep at
night I'm not just a guy going to sleep
I'm two-time Golden Globe winner Jim
Carrey going to get some well-needed
shut-eye
and when I dream I don't just dream any
old dreams no sir I dream about being
three-time Golden Globe winning actor
Jim Carrey because then I would be
enough
[Laughter]
[Applause]
it would finally be true and I could
stop this it's terrible search for what
I know ultimately won't fulfill me but
these are important these awards I don't
want you to think that just because if
you blew up our solar system alone you
wouldn't be able to find us or any of
human history with the naked eye but
from our perspective this is huge
one more time here are the nominees for
Best Motion Picture dominate the Big
Short
[Applause]